README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"><code>Đotfiles</code></h1>
<p align="center">Đotfiles that <i>SuperB</i></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/NNBnh/dots"><img width="25%" src="extra/logo.png"></a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/discussions/7"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/gallery%20-%23F7CA88.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Gallery"></a> <a href="backpack.yaml"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/packages_list%20-%23F7CA88.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Packages list"></a> <a href="https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/wiki%20-%23F7CA88.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Wiki"></a></p>

## 💡 About
Welcome to the `Đotfiles`:

> ⬤ ⬤ ⬤

<p align="center"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43980777/108480424-85941700-72c9-11eb-8380-89ddb5202607.png"></p>

The *SuperB* dotfiles for `*NIX` system, configured with a high level of **portable** for **minimalism** and **optimization**.

### ✨ Features
- Super **portable**, because `Đotfiles` use [*SuperB Bootstrap*](https://github.com/NNBnh/superb-bootstrap) to manager dotfiles, it work on [any `*NIX` operating system that SBB supported](https://github.com/NNBnh/superb-bootstrap#-features).
- Super **minimalism**:
  - Almost all program use [`CLI` (command-line interface)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_interface).
  - And 7 [`GUI`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphical_user_interface "Graphical user interface")/[`TUI`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Text-based_user_interface "Text-based user interface") applications:
    - 📝 Text Editor: [**Kakoune**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#-text-editor "Also used as a $PAGER").
    - 📟 Terminal emulator: [**SuperB ST**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#-terminal-emulator).
    - 🎞️ Media player: [**MPV**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#%EF%B8%8F-media-player "Also used as a image viewer").
    - 🌏 Web browser: [**Firefox**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#-web-browser).
    - 🎨 Image editor: [**GIMP**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#%EF%B8%8F-image-editor).
    - 🎥 Motion graphics: [**Blender**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#-motion-graphics).
    - 🎮 Game engine: [**Godot**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#-game-engine).
- Super **optimization**:
  - 🪟 Windows manager: [**Qtile**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#-windows-manager):
    - A tree-base tiling windows manager for endless freedom.
    - Maximize the screen real estate.

## 📥 Installation
`Đotfiles` use [*SuperB Bootstrap*](https://github.com/NNBnh/superb-bootstrap) to install, just download this repository then execute `./c/setup`:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/NNBnh/dots ~/c && ~/c/setup
```

> *For more information, please take look at the [wiki](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki)*

<br><br><br><br>

---

> <h1 align="center">Made with ❤️ by <a href="https://github.com/NNBnh"><i>NNB</i></a></h1>
>
> <p align="center"><a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/nnbnh"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/buy_me_a_coffee%20-%23F7CA88.svg?logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=333333&style=for-the-badge" alt="Buy Me a Coffee"></a></p>

Commit message:

modified:   README.md 	deleted:    backpack.yaml 	deleted:    extra/logo.png 	modified:   home/.config/git/config 	modified:   home/.config/xonsh/rc.xsh 	renamed:    extra/info.py -> home/.local/bin/ricefetch 	new file:   packages

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"><code>Đotfiles</code></h1>
<p align="center">Đotfiles that <i>SuperB</i></p>
<p align="center"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43980777/108480424-85941700-72c9-11eb-8380-89ddb5202607.png"></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/discussions/7">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/gallery%20-%2398C379.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Gallery"></a>
  <a href="packages"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/home.nix%20-%236BB8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="home.nix"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/wiki%20-%23FFC387.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Wiki"></a>
</p>

## 💡 About

Welcome to my `Đotfiles`:

> ⬤ ⬤ ⬤

The *SuperB* dotfiles for `*NIX` system, configured with a high level of **portable** for **minimalism** and **optimization**.

### ✨ Features

- Super **portable** using [*Home Manager*](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Home_Manager) which can be run on pretty much any os.
- Super **minimalism**:
  - Almost all actions are through [the command-line](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_interface) powered by:
    - 🐚 Shell: [**Xonsh**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#-interactive-shell).
  - And 7 [`GUI`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphical_user_interface "Graphical user interface")/[`TUI`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Text-based_user_interface "Text-based user interface") applications:
    - 📝 Text Editor: [**Kakoune**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#-text-editor "Also used as a $PAGER")
    - 📟 Terminal emulator: [**SuperB ST**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#-terminal-emulator)
    - 🎞️ Media player: [**MPV**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#%EF%B8%8F-media-player "Also used as a image viewer")
    - 🌏 Web browser: [**Brave**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#-web-browser)
    - 🎨 Image editor: [**GIMP**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#%EF%B8%8F-image-editor)
    - 🎥 Motion graphics: [**Blender**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#-motion-graphics)
    - 🎮 Game engine: [**Godot**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#-game-engine)
- Super **optimization**:
  - 🪟 Windows manager: [**Qtile**](https://github.com/NNBnh/dots/wiki/which#-windows-manager):
    - A tree-base tiling windows manager for endless freedom.
    - Maximize the screen real estate.
    - No bar!

## 📥 Installation

_#TODO_

<br><br><br><br>

---

> <h1 align="center">Made with ❤️ by <a href="https://github.com/NNBnh"><i>NNB</i></a></h1>
>
> <p align="center"><a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/nnbnh"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/buy_me_a_coffee%20-%23FFC387.svg?logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=333333&style=for-the-badge" alt="Buy Me a Coffee"></a></p>
